Third-Party Licenses
====================

[width="100%",cols="25%,25%,25%,25%",options="header",]
|=======================================================================
|*Licensed Technology* |*Version* |*Generic License* |*Atrrib / License
instructions*
|Classmate |1.3.4 | +
Apache License Version 2.0, January 2004 |License is located at
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 as mentioned in
https://github.com/FasterXML/java-classmate/blob/master/src/main/resources/META-INF/LICENSE +
 +
[[ApacheLicenseText]]Apache License +
 +
Version 2.0, January 2004 +
 +
http://www.apache.org/licenses/ +
 +
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION +
 +
1. Definitions. +
 +
"License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and
distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document. +
 +
"Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the
copyright owner that is granting the License. +
 +
"Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other
entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control
with that entity. For the purposes of this definition, "control" means
(i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management
of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of
fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii)
beneficial ownership of such entity. +
 +
"You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising
permissions granted by this License. +
 +
"Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
including but not limited to software source code, documentation source,
and configuration files. +
 +
"Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
transformation or translation of a Source form, including but not
limited to compiled object code, generated documentation, and
conversions to other media types. +
 +
"Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object
form, made available under the License, as indicated by a copyright
notice that is included in or attached to the work (an example is
provided in the Appendix below). +
 +
"Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes
of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
the Work and Derivative Works thereof. +
 +
"Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including the original
version of the Work and any modifications or additions to that Work or
Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally submitted to Licensor
for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner or by an individual or
Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of the copyright owner. For
the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of
electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to the Licensor or its
representatives, including but not limited to communication on
electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue
tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Licensor for
the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding
communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in
writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution." +
 +
"Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity on
behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
subsequently incorporated within the Work. +
 +
2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright
license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display,
publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the Work and such
Derivative Works in Source or Object form. +
 +
3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide,
non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in
this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell,
sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license
applies only to those patent claims licensable by such Contributor that
are necessarily infringed by their Contribution(s) alone or by
combination of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such
Contribution(s) was submitted. If You institute patent litigation
against any entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a
lawsuit) alleging that the Work or a Contribution incorporated within
the Work constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then
any patent licenses granted to You under this License for that Work
shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed. +
 +
4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the Work
or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You meet the
following conditions: +
 +
You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a
copy of this License; and +
You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating
that You changed the files; and +
You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works that You
distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices
from the Source form of the Work, excluding those notices that do not
pertain to any part of the Derivative Works; and +
If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its distribution,
then any Derivative Works that You distribute must include a readable
copy of the attribution notices contained within such NOTICE file,
excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the
Derivative Works, in at least one of the following places: within a
NOTICE text file distributed as part of the Derivative Works; within the
Source form or documentation, if provided along with the Derivative
Works; or, within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents of the
NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and do not modify the
License. You may add Your own attribution notices within Derivative
Works that You distribute, alongside or as an addendum to the NOTICE
text from the Work, provided that such additional attribution notices
cannot be construed as modifying the License. +
 +
You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and may
provide additional or different license terms and conditions for use,
reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or for any such
Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use, reproduction, and
distribution of the Work otherwise complies with the conditions stated
in this License. +
5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work by
You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of this
License, without any additional terms or conditions. Notwithstanding the
above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify the terms of any
separate license agreement you may have executed with Licensor regarding
such Contributions. +
 +
6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file. +
 +
7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or agreed
to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each Contributor provides
its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS
OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation,
any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT,
MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely
responsible for determining the appropriateness of using or
redistributing the Work and assume any risks associated with Your
exercise of permissions under this License. +
 +
8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless
required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent
acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be liable to You
for damages, including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential damages of any character arising as a result of this
License or out of the use or inability to use the Work (including but
not limited to damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer
failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or
losses), even if such Contributor has been advised of the possibility of
such damages. +
 +
9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing the
Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer, and charge a
fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability
obligations and/or rights consistent with this License. However, in
accepting such obligations, You may act only on Your own behalf and on
Your sole responsibility, not on behalf of any other Contributor, and
only if You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold each Contributor
harmless for any liability incurred by, or claims asserted against, such
Contributor by reason of your accepting any such warranty or additional
liability. +
 +
END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS +
 +
APPENDIX: HOW TO APPLY THE APACHE LICENSE TO YOUR WORK +
To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following
boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]" replaced
with your own identifying information. (Don't include the brackets!) The
text should be enclosed in the appropriate comment syntax for the file
format. We also recommend that a file or class name and description of
purpose be included on the same "printed page" as the copyright notice
for easier identification within third-party archives. +
 +
Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner] +
 +
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); +
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. +
You may obtain a copy of the License at +
 +
    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 +
 +
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software +
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, +
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
implied. +
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and +
limitations under the License.

|Stax2 API |4.1 |BSD 2 Clause |The BSD 2-Clause License +
 +
Copyright © 2010, FasterXML.com +
All rights reserved. +
 +
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: +
 +
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. +
 +
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. +
 +
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

|JUnit |4.12 |Eclipse Public License - v 1.0 a|
JUnit

Copyright © 2002-2017 JUnit. All Rights Reserved. +
 +
This source code may be obtained from
https://github.com/junit-team/junit4

https://github.com/junit-team/junit4/blob/master/LICENSE-junit.txt: +
 +
Eclipse Public License - v 1.0 +
 +
THE ACCOMPANYING PROGRAM IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS ECLIPSE
PUBLIC +
LICENSE ("AGREEMENT"). ANY USE, REPRODUCTION OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE
PROGRAM +
CONSTITUTES RECIPIENT'S ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT. +
 +
1. DEFINITIONS +
 +
"Contribution" means: +
 +
a) in the case of the initial Contributor, the initial code and +
documentation distributed under this Agreement, and +
b) in the case of each subsequent Contributor: +
 +
i) changes to the Program, and +
 +
ii) additions to the Program; +
 +
where such changes and/or additions to the Program originate from and
are +
distributed by that particular Contributor. A Contribution 'originates'
from a +
Contributor if it was added to the Program by such Contributor itself or
anyone +
acting on such Contributor's behalf. Contributions do not include
additions to +
the Program which: (i) are separate modules of software distributed in +
conjunction with the Program under their own license agreement, and (ii)
are +
not derivative works of the Program. +
 +
"Contributor" means any person or entity that distributes the Program. +
 +
"Licensed Patents " mean patent claims licensable by a Contributor which
are +
necessarily infringed by the use or sale of its Contribution alone or
when +
combined with the Program. +
 +
"Program" means the Contributions distributed in accordance with this
Agreement. +
 +
"Recipient" means anyone who receives the Program under this
Agreement, +
including all Contributors. +
 +
2. GRANT OF RIGHTS +
 +
a) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Contributor hereby
grants +
Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free copyright license
to +
reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly
perform, +
distribute and sublicense the Contribution of such Contributor, if any,
and +
such derivative works, in source code and object code form. +
 +
b) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Contributor hereby
grants +
Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free patent license
under +
Licensed Patents to make, use, sell, offer to sell, import and
otherwise +
transfer the Contribution of such Contributor, if any, in source code
and +
object code form. This patent license shall apply to the combination of
the +
Contribution and the Program if, at the time the Contribution is added
by the +
Contributor, such addition of the Contribution causes such combination
to be +
covered by the Licensed Patents. The patent license shall not apply to
any +
other combinations which include the Contribution. No hardware per se
is +
licensed hereunder. +
 +
c) Recipient understands that although each Contributor grants the +
licenses to its Contributions set forth herein, no assurances are
provided by +
any Contributor that the Program does not infringe the patent or other +
intellectual property rights of any other entity. Each Contributor
disclaims +
any liability to Recipient for claims brought by any other entity based
on +
infringement of intellectual property rights or otherwise. As a
condition to +
exercising the rights and licenses granted hereunder, each Recipient
hereby +
assumes sole responsibility to secure any other intellectual property
rights +
needed, if any. For example, if a third party patent license is required
to +
allow Recipient to distribute the Program, it is Recipient's
responsibility to +
acquire that license before distributing the Program. +
 +
d) Each Contributor represents that to its knowledge it has sufficient +
copyright rights in its Contribution, if any, to grant the copyright
license +
set forth in this Agreement. +
 +
3. REQUIREMENTS +
 +
A Contributor may choose to distribute the Program in object code form
under +
its own license agreement, provided that: +
 +
a) it complies with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and +
 +
b) its license agreement: +
 +
i) effectively disclaims on behalf of all Contributors all warranties
and +
conditions, express and implied, including warranties or conditions of
title +
and non-infringement, and implied warranties or conditions of
merchantability +
and fitness for a particular purpose; +
 +
ii) effectively excludes on behalf of all Contributors all liability
for +
damages, including direct, indirect, special, incidental and
consequential +
damages, such as lost profits; +
 +
iii) states that any provisions which differ from this Agreement are +
offered by that Contributor alone and not by any other party; and +
 +
iv) states that source code for the Program is available from such +
Contributor, and informs licensees how to obtain it in a reasonable
manner on +
or through a medium customarily used for software exchange. +
 +
When the Program is made available in source code form: +
 +
a) it must be made available under this Agreement; and +
 +
b) a copy of this Agreement must be included with each copy of the +
Program. +
 +
Contributors may not remove or alter any copyright notices contained
within the +
Program. +
 +
Each Contributor must identify itself as the originator of its
Contribution, if +
any, in a manner that reasonably allows subsequent Recipients to
identify the +
originator of the Contribution. +
 +
4. COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION +
 +
Commercial distributors of software may accept certain responsibilities
with +
respect to end users, business partners and the like. While this license
is +
intended to facilitate the commercial use of the Program, the
Contributor who +
includes the Program in a commercial product offering should do so in a
manner +
which does not create potential liability for other Contributors.
Therefore, if +
a Contributor includes the Program in a commercial product offering,
such +
Contributor ("Commercial Contributor") hereby agrees to defend and
indemnify +
every other Contributor ("Indemnified Contributor") against any losses,
damages +
and costs (collectively "Losses") arising from claims, lawsuits and
other legal +
actions brought by a third party against the Indemnified Contributor to
the +
extent caused by the acts or omissions of such Commercial Contributor
in +
connection with its distribution of the Program in a commercial
product +
offering. The obligations in this section do not apply to any claims or
Losses +
relating to any actual or alleged intellectual property infringement. In
order +
to qualify, an Indemnified Contributor must: a) promptly notify the
Commercial +
Contributor in writing of such claim, and b) allow the Commercial
Contributor +
to control, and cooperate with the Commercial Contributor in, the
defense and +
any related settlement negotiations. The Indemnified Contributor may +
participate in any such claim at its own expense. +
 +
For example, a Contributor might include the Program in a commercial
product +
offering, Product X. That Contributor is then a Commercial Contributor.
If that +
Commercial Contributor then makes performance claims, or offers
warranties +
related to Product X, those performance claims and warranties are such +
Commercial Contributor's responsibility alone. Under this section, the +
Commercial Contributor would have to defend claims against the other +
Contributors related to those performance claims and warranties, and if
a court +
requires any other Contributor to pay any damages as a result, the
Commercial +
Contributor must pay those damages. +
 +
5. NO WARRANTY +
 +
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS PROVIDED
ON AN +
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER
EXPRESS OR +
IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF
TITLE, +
NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Each +
Recipient is solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of
using +
and distributing the Program and assumes all risks associated with its
exercise +
of rights under this Agreement, including but not limited to the risks
and +
costs of program errors, compliance with applicable laws, damage to or
loss of +
data, programs or equipment, and unavailability or interruption of
operations. +
 +
6. DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY +
 +
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT NOR
ANY +
CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, +
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION LOST +
PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, +
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
ANY +
WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE EXERCISE OF ANY
RIGHTS +
GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. +
 +
7. GENERAL +
 +
If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under
applicable +
law, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder
of the +
terms of this Agreement, and without further action by the parties
hereto, such +
provision shall be reformed to the minimum extent necessary to make
such +
provision valid and enforceable. +
 +
If Recipient institutes patent litigation against any +
entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging
that the +
Program itself (excluding combinations of the Program with other
software or +
hardware) infringes such Recipient's patent(s), then such Recipient's
rights +
granted under Section 2(b) shall terminate as of the date such
litigation is +
filed. +
 +
All Recipient's rights under this Agreement shall terminate if it fails
to +
comply with any of the material terms or conditions of this Agreement
and does +
not cure such failure in a reasonable period of time after becoming
aware of +
such noncompliance. If all Recipient's rights under this Agreement
terminate, +
Recipient agrees to cease use and distribution of the Program as soon
as +
reasonably practicable. However, Recipient's obligations under this
Agreement +
and any licenses granted by Recipient relating to the Program shall
continue +
and survive. +
 +
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute copies of this Agreement,
but in +
order to avoid inconsistency the Agreement is copyrighted and may only
be +
modified in the following manner. The Agreement Steward reserves the
right to +
publish new versions (including revisions) of this Agreement from time
to time. +
No one other than the Agreement Steward has the right to modify this
Agreement. +
The Eclipse Foundation is the initial Agreement Steward. The Eclipse
Foundation may assign the responsibility to +
serve as the Agreement Steward to a suitable separate entity. Each new
version +
of the Agreement will be given a distinguishing version number. The
Program +
(including Contributions) may always be distributed subject to the
version of +
the Agreement under which it was received. In addition, after a new
version of +
the Agreement is published, Contributor may elect to distribute the
Program +
(including its Contributions) under the new version. Except as expressly
stated +
in Sections 2(a) and 2(b) above, Recipient receives no rights or
licenses to +
the intellectual property of any Contributor under this Agreement,
whether +
expressly, by implication, estoppel or otherwise. All rights in the
Program not +
expressly granted under this Agreement are reserved. +
 +
This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of New York and
the +
intellectual property laws of the United States of America. No party to
this +
Agreement will bring a legal action under this Agreement more than one
year +
after the cause of action arose. Each party waives its rights to a jury
trial +
in any resulting litigation. +
====================================================================================== +
Junit may contain the following: +
org.hamcrest: hamcrest-core</artifactId  - BSD3 +
org.hamcrest: hamcrest-library</artifactId> - BSD 3 +
 +
 +
BSD License +
 +
Copyright (c) 2000-2015 www.hamcrest.org +
All rights reserved. +
 +
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without +
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: +
 +
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of +
conditions and the following disclaimer. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce +
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer in +
the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution. +
 +
Neither the name of Hamcrest nor the names of its contributors may be
used to endorse +
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written +
permission. +
 +
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS
IS" AND ANY +
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES +
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.
IN NO EVENT +
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, +
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED +
TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR +
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN +
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY +
WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH +
DAMAGE.

|Java Persistence API |2.2.0 |Eclipse Distribution License 1.0 |Eclipse
Distribution License - v 1.0 +
 +
Copyright (c) 2007, Eclipse Foundation, Inc. and its licensors. +
 +
All rights reserved. +
 +
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: +
 +
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. +
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. +
Neither the name of the Eclipse Foundation, Inc. nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
this software without specific prior written permission. +
 +
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER
OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. +

|EclipseLink |2.7.0 |Eclipse Distribution License 1.0 a|
Eclipse Distribution License - v 1.0

Copyright (c) 2007, Eclipse Foundation, Inc. and its licensors. +
 +
All rights reserved. +
 +
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: +
 +
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. +
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. +
Neither the name of the Eclipse Foundation, Inc. nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
this software without specific prior written permission. +
 +
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER
OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE +
 +
 +

|Eclipse Yasson |1.0 |Eclipse Distribution License 1.0 |Eclipse
Distribution License - v 1.0 +
 +
Copyright (c) 2007, Eclipse Foundation, Inc. and its licensors. +
 +
All rights reserved. +
 +
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: +
 +
    Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. +
    Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. +
    Neither the name of the Eclipse Foundation, Inc. nor the names of
its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
this software without specific prior written permission. +
 +
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER
OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. +

|antlr |2.7.7 |Antlr License |SOFTWARE RIGHTS +
 +
ANTLR 1989-2006 Developed by Terence Parr +
Partially supported by University of San Francisco & jGuru.com +
 +
We reserve no legal rights to the ANTLR--it is fully in the +
public domain. An individual or company may do whatever +
they wish with source code distributed with ANTLR or the +
code generated by ANTLR, including the incorporation of +
ANTLR, or its output, into commerical software. +
 +
We encourage users to develop software with ANTLR. However, +
we do ask that credit is given to us for developing +
ANTLR. By "credit", we mean that if you use ANTLR or +
incorporate any source code into one of your programs +
(commercial product, research project, or otherwise) that +
you acknowledge this fact somewhere in the documentation, +
research report, etc... If you like ANTLR and have +
developed a nice tool with the output, please mention that +
you developed it using ANTLR. In addition, we ask that the +
headers remain intact in our source code. As long as these +
guidelines are kept, we expect to continue enhancing this +
system and expect to make other tools available as they are +
completed. +
 +
The primary ANTLR guy: +
 +
Terence Parr +
parrt@cs.usfca.edu +
parrt@antlr.org +

|JSch |0.1.54 |BSD 3 Clause |http://www.jcraft.com/jsch/LICENSE.txt +
 +
JSch 0.0.* was released under the GNU LGPL license.  Later, we have
switched +
over to a BSD-style license. +
 +
------------------------------------------------------------------------------ +
Copyright (c) 2002-2015 Atsuhiko Yamanaka, JCraft,Inc. +
All rights reserved. +
 +
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without +
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: +
 +
  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, +
     this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. +
 +
  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright +
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in +
     the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution. +
 +
  3. The names of the authors may not be used to endorse or promote
products +
     derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. +
 +
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, +
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
AND +
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL
JCRAFT, +
INC. OR ANY CONTRIBUTORS TO THIS SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, +
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
NOT +
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, +
OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY
OF +
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING +
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, +
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

|TestNG |6.11 |link:#ApacheLicenseText[Apache Software License v2.0]
|Copyright 2016 Cedric Beust.

|Hibernate Validator |6.0.10.Final |link:#ApacheLicenseText[Apache
Software License v2.0] |Copyright Hibernate.org

|javassist |3.22.0-GA |link:#ApacheLicenseText[Apache Software License
v2.0] |Copyright (C) 1999-2017 by Shigeru Chiba, All rights reserved. 

|OSGi specification |6.0 |link:#ApacheLicenseText[Apache Software
License v2.0] | 

|JNA |4.5.1 |link:#ApacheLicenseText[Apache Software License v2.0] | 

|jboss-classfilewriter |1.2.1Final |link:#ApacheLicenseText[Apache
Software License v2.0] |Copyright 2017 RedHat

|jboss-logging |3.3.1Final |link:#ApacheLicenseText[Apache Software
License v2.0] | 

|JBoss Logging Tools |2.1.0.Final |link:#ApacheLicenseText[Apache
Software License v2.0] |Copyright 2018 Red Hat

|CDI-API |2.0 |link:#ApacheLicenseText[Apache Software License v2.0]
|JBoss, Home of Professional Open Source +
Copyright 2010, Red Hat, Inc., and individual contributors +
by the @authors tag. See the copyright.txt in the distribution for a +
full listing of individual contributors. +
 +
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); +
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. +
You may obtain a copy of the License at +
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 +
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software +
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, +
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
implied. +
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and +
limitations under the License. +
----- +
 +
javax.inject:javax.inject:jar:1 +
-------------------------------------- +
Copyright (C) 2009 The JSR-330 Expert Group +
 +
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); +
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. +
You may obtain a copy of the License at +
 +
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 +
 +
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software +
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, +
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
implied. +
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and +
limitations under the License.

|Weld RI (JSR 365) |3.0.0Final |link:#ApacheLicenseText[Apache Software
License v2.0] | 

|JLine |2.14.5 |BSD License |Copyright (c) 2002-2016, the original
author or authors. +
All rights reserved. +
 +
http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php +
 +
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or +
without modification, are permitted provided that the following +
conditions are met: +
 +
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright +
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. +
 +
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright +
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer +
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with +
the distribution. +
 +
Neither the name of JLine nor the names of its contributors +
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this +
software without specific prior written permission. +
 +
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS +
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, +
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY +
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO +
EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE +
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, +
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, +
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, +
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED +
AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT +
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING +
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED +
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

|ASM |6.0 |BSD 3 Clause
|https://gitlab.ow2.org/asm/asm/blob/master/LICENSE.txt +
 +
ASM: a very small and fast Java bytecode manipulation framework +
 Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA, France Telecom +
 All rights reserved. +
 +
 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without +
 modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions +
 are met: +
 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright +
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. +
 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright +
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
the +
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution. +
 3. Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its +
    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived
from +
    this software without specific prior written permission. +
 +
 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS
IS" +
 AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE +
 IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE +
 ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS
BE +
 LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR +
 CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF +
 SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
BUSINESS +
 INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN +
 CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHERWISE) +
 ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED
OF +
 THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. +

|Felix Configuration Admin |1.8.16 |link:#ApacheLicenseText[Apache
Software License v2.0] |Includes: org.osgi.core 5.0.0  License - Apache
2.0 +
org.osgi.enterprise 5.0.0.   License - Apache 2.0 +
biz.aQute:bndlib:1.50.0    License - Apache 2.0 +
 +
License text URL for OSGI 5.x is
https://www.osgi.org/apache-license-2-0/

|jackson-databind |2.9.7 |link:#ApacheLicenseText[Apache Software
License v2.0] |COPYRIGHT NOTICE +
# Jackson JSON processor +
 +
Jackson is a high-performance, Free/Open Source JSON processing
library. +
It was originally written by Tatu Saloranta (tatu.saloranta@iki.fi), and
has +
been in development since 2007. +
It is currently developed by a community of developers, as well as
supported +
commercially by FasterXML.com. +
 +
## Licensing +
 +
Jackson core and extension components may be licensed under different
licenses. +
To find the details that apply to this artifact see the accompanying
LICENSE file. +
For more information, including possible other licensing options,
contact +
FasterXML.com (http://fasterxml.com). +
 +
## Credits +
 +
A list of contributors may be found from CREDITS file, which is
included +
in some artifacts (usually source distributions); but is always
available +
from the source code management (SCM) system project uses. +

|Felix Gogo Command |1.0.2 |link:#ApacheLicenseText[Apache Software
License v2.0] a|
Apache Felix Gogo Command +
Copyright 2014 The Apache Software Foundation +

This product includes software developed at +
The Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/). +
Licensed under the Apache License 2.0. +
 +
This product includes software developed at +
The OSGi Alliance (http://www.osgi.org/). +
Copyright (c) OSGi Alliance (2000, 2009). +
Licensed under the Apache License 2.0.

You may not use the identified files except in compliance with the
Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License.") +
 +
You may obtain a copy of the License at
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.  A copy of the license is
also reproduced below. +
 +
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
implied. +
 +
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License. +
 +
org.mockito:mockito-core:jar:2.2.0, MIT License +
 +
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- +
The MIT License +
 +
Copyright (c) 2007 Mockito contributors +
 +
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy +
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal +
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights +
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell +
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is +
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: +
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in +
all copies or substantial portions of the Software. +
 +
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR +
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, +
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL
THE +
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER +
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, +
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
IN +
THE SOFTWARE.

|jackson-annotations |2.9.7 |link:#ApacheLicenseText[Apache Software
License v2.0] | 

|jackson-core |2.9.7 |link:#ApacheLicenseText[Apache Software License
v2.0] | 

|jackson-module-jaxb-annotations |2.9.7 |link:#ApacheLicenseText[Apache
Software License v2.0] | 

|Woodstox XML Processor |5.1.0 |link:#ApacheLicenseText[Apache Software
License v2.0] | 

|Derby |10.14.2.0 |link:#ApacheLicenseText[Apache Software License v2.0]
| 

|Ant |1.10.1 |link:#ApacheLicenseText[Apache Software License v2.0] | 

|Bean Validation API |2.0.1.Final |link:#ApacheLicenseText[Apache
Software License v2.0] |Copyright 2017, Red Hat Inc. and/or its
affiliates and other contributors as indicated by the @authors tag. All
rights reserved. See the copyright.txt in the distribution for a full
listing of individual contributors: +
Akira Kawauchi +
Davide D'Alto +
Dhanji R. Prasanna +
Emmanuel Bernard +
Gavin King +
Gerhard Petracek +
Guillaume Smet +
Gunnar Morling +
Hardy Ferentschik +
Hendrik Ebbers +
Kevin Pollet +
Sebastian Thomschke

|Commons FileUpload |1.3.3 |link:#ApacheLicenseText[Apache Software
License v2.0] a|
Apache Commons FileUpload +
Copyright 2002-2017 The Apache Software Foundation +
 +
This product includes software developed at +
The Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/).

 

|Batch |1.0.2 |link:#ApacheLicenseText[Apache Software License v2.0] | 

|Felix Event Admin |1.4.10 |link:#ApacheLicenseText[Apache Software
License v2.0] | 

|Apache Felix File Install |3.6.4 |link:#ApacheLicenseText[Apache
Software License v2.0] | 

|Felix Gogo Runtime |1.0.10 |link:#ApacheLicenseText[Apache Software
License v2.0] |Apache Felix Gogo Runtime +
Copyright 2014 The Apache Software Foundation +
 +
This product includes software developed at +
The Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/). +
Licensed under the Apache License 2.0. +
 +
This product includes software developped by +
Udo Klimaschewski (http://UdoJava.com/). +
Licensed under the MIT License.T License. +

|Felix Gogo Shell |1.0.0 |link:#ApacheLicenseText[Apache Software
License v2.0] a|
Apache Felix Gogo Shell +
Copyright 2011 The Apache Software Foundation Apache 2.0 license

The following may be included: +
org.apache.felix:org.apache.felix.gogo.runtime:jar:1.0.0 +
org.osgi:org.osgi.core:jar:4.3.1 +
org.osgi:org.osgi.compendium:jar:4.3.1

|Felix Web Console |4.3.4 |link:#ApacheLicenseText[Apache Software
License v2.0] a|
Felix Web Console

I. Included Third-Party Software +
 +
This product includes software developed at +
The Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/). +
Licensed under the Apache License 2.0. +
 +
This product includes software developed at +
The OSGi Alliance (http://www.osgi.org/). +
Copyright (c) OSGi Alliance (2000, 2012). +
Licensed under the Apache License 2.0. +
 +
This product includes software from http://www.jquery.com +
Copyright (c) 2009 John Resig, http://jquery.com/ +
Licensed under the MIT License +
 +
This product includes software from http://www.jqueryui.com +
Copyright (c) 2009 AUTHORS.txt, http://jqueryui.com/ +
Licensed under the MIT License +
 +
This product includes software from http://tablesorter.com +
Copyright (c) 2007 Christian Bach +
Licensed under the MIT License +
 +
This product includes software from http://www.fyneworks.com +
Copyright (c) 2008 Fyneworks.com +
Licensed under the MIT License +
 +
This product includes software from http://code.google.com/p/cookies/ +
Copyright (c) 2005 - 2009, James Auldridge +
Licensed under the MIT License +
 +
This product includes software from http://developer.yahoo.net/yui/ +
Copyright (c) 2009, Yahoo! Inc. All rights reserved. +
Licensed under the BSD License +
 +
This product includes software from the Mozilla Foundation +
Licensed under the MIT License +
 +
This product includes software from http://seyfertdesign.com/jquery/ +
Copyright (c) 2009, http://seyfertdesign.com/ +
Licensed under the MIT License +
 +
 +
II. Used Third-Party Software +
 +
This product uses software developed at +
The OSGi Alliance (http://www.osgi.org/). +
Copyright (c) OSGi Alliance (2000, 2009). +
Licensed under the Apache License 2.0. +
 +
 +
III. License Summary +
 +
- Apache License 2.0 +
- JSON License +
- MIT License +
- Creative Commons Attribution 2.5 License +
- Tanner Hildebrand's License +
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- +
List of dependencies with Apache 2.0 license: +
 +
commons-fileupload:commons-fileupload:jar:1.2.1 +
commons-io:commons-io:jar:1.4 +
org.apache.felix:org.apache.felix.bundlerepository:jar:1.6.0 +
org.apache.felix:org.apache.felix.framework:jar:2.0.2 +
org.apache.felix:org.apache.felix.inventory:jar:1.0.0 +
org.apache.felix:org.apache.felix.shell:jar:1.0.0 +
org.apache.felix:org.apache.felix.utils:jar:1.9.0 +
org.apache.felix:org.osgi.service.obr:jar:1.0.2 +
org.osgi:org.osgi.compendium:jar:4.1.0 +
org.osgi:org.osgi.core:jar:4.3.0 +
 +
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- +
For the JQuery component: +
 +
Copyright 2012 jQuery Foundation and other contributors +
http://jquery.com/ +
 +
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining +
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the +
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including +
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, +
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to +
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to +
the following conditions: +
 +
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be +
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. +
 +
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, +
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF +
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND +
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE +
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION +
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION +
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. +
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- +
For the JQuery UI component: +
 +
Copyright 2012 jQuery Foundation and other contributors, +
http://jqueryui.com/ +
 +
This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many +
individuals (AUTHORS.txt, http://jqueryui.com/about) For exact +
contribution history, see the revision history and logs, available +
at http://jquery-ui.googlecode.com/svn/ +
 +
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining +
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the +
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including +
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, +
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to +
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to +
the following conditions: +
 +
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be +
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. +
 +
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, +
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF +
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND +
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE +
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION +
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION +
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. +
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- +
For the Javascript Cookie Library component: +
 +
The MIT License +
 +
Copyright (c) 2005 - 2009, James Auldridge +
 +
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy +
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal +
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights +
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell +
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is +
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: +
 +
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in +
all copies or substantial portions of the Software. +
 +
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR +
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, +
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL
THE +
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER +
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, +
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
IN +
THE SOFTWARE. +
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- +
For the JQuery Multifile component: +
 +
The MIT License +
 +
Copyright (c) 2008 Fyneworks.com +
 +
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy +
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal +
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights +
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell +
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is +
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: +
 +
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in +
all copies or substantial portions of the Software. +
 +
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR +
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, +
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL
THE +
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER +
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, +
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
IN +
THE SOFTWARE. +
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- +
For the reset-min.css component: +
 +
BSD License +
 +
Copyright (c) 2010, Yahoo! Inc. +
All rights reserved. +
 +
Redistribution and use of this software in source and binary forms, with
or +
without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are +
met: +
 +
* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, +
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. +
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, +
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation +
and/or other materials provided with the distribution. +
* Neither the name of Yahoo! Inc. nor the names of its contributors may
be +
used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without +
specific prior written permission of Yahoo! Inc. +
 +
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS
IS" +
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE +
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE +
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS
BE +
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR +
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF +
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
BUSINESS +
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN +
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHERWISE) +
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF
THE +
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. +
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- +
 +
For the Tablesorter component: +
 +
The MIT License +
 +
Copyright (c) 2007 Christian Bach +
 +
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy +
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal +
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights +
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell +
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is +
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: +
 +
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in +
all copies or substantial portions of the Software. +
 +
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR +
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, +
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL
THE +
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER +
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, +
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
IN +
THE SOFTWARE. +
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- +
For the Tabspaging component: +
 +
Copyright (c) 2012,
http://seyfertdesign.com/jquery/ui-tabs-paging.html +
 +
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy +
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal +
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights +
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell +
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is +
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: +
 +
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in +
all copies or substantial portions of the Software. +
 +
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR +
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, +
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL
THE +
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER +
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, +
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
IN +
THE SOFTWARE. +
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- +
For the org.json classes (applies if org.json classes are embedded): +
 +
Copyright (c) 2002 JSON.org +
 +
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy +
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal +
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights +
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell +
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is +
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: +
 +
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all +
copies or substantial portions of the Software. +
 +
The Software shall be used for Good, not Evil. +
 +
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR +
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, +
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL
THE +
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER +
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, +
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
IN THE +
SOFTWARE. +
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- +
For the tabworld JQuery plugin: +
 +
Copyright (c) 2009 Tanner Hildebrand +
Licensed under Tanner Hildebrand's License +
 +
Tanner Hildebrand's License +
 +
TabWorld by Tanner Hildebrand is free to use for any purpose, commercial
or +
otherwise. The user of the script may modify, distribute, sell, use,
or +
publish this script at their discretion. The uses are unrestricted and
may +
only be restricted if the user is found to be guilty (by a U.S. court
only) +
of a criminal act that involves this script. +
 +
Please enjoy and use this script as you wish to its fullest potential. +

|Felix Shell |1.4.3 |link:#ApacheLicenseText[Apache Software License
v2.0] |May Include the following under Apache 2.0 license: +
 +
org.osgi:org.osgi.core:jar:4.1.0 +
org.osgi:org.osgi.compendium:jar:4.0.0

|Felix Framework |5.6.10 |link:#ApacheLicenseText[Apache Software
License v2.0] a|
Copyright 2018 Apache Software Foundation Apache Felix Framework +
Copyright 2006-2017 The Apache Software Foundation +

This product includes software developed at +
The Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/). +
 +
This product includes software developed at +
The OSGi Alliance (http://www.osgi.org/). +
Copyright (c) OSGi Alliance (2000, 2015). +
Licensed under the Apache License 2.0.

This produce may include with Apache license: +
 +
org.apache.felix:org.apache.felix.resolver 1.14.0 +
org.osgi:org.osgi.core 5.0.0 +
org.osgi:org.osgi.annotation 6.0.0

|Felix OSGI Bundle Repository (OBR) |2.0.10
|link:#ApacheLicenseText[Apache Software License v2.0] a|
Copyright 2014 The Apache Software Foundation

The following may be included

Apache license: +
 +
org.apache.felix:org.apache.felix.gogo.runtime:jar:1.0.0 +
org.apache.felix:org.apache.felix.shell:jar:1.4.1 +
org.apache.felix:org.apache.felix.utils:jar:1.8.0 +
org.apache.felix:org.osgi.service.obr:jar:1.0.2 +
org.easymock:easymock:jar:3.4 +
org.codehaus.woodstox:woodstox-core-asl:jar:4.0.7 +
org.osgi:org.osgi.compendium:jar:5.0.0 +
org.osgi:org.osgi.core:jar:5.0.0 +
stax:stax-api:jar:1.0.1 +
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- +
BSD license +
net.sf.kxml:kxml2:jar:2.3.0 +
org.codehaus.woodstox:stax2-api:jar:3.0.1 +
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- +
XML2:

Copyright (c) 2002,2003, Stefan Haustein, Oberhausen, Rhld., Germany. +
 +
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: +
 +
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. +
 +
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. +
 +
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

|Jettison |1.3.7 |link:#ApacheLicenseText[Apache Software License v2.0]
|Copyright 2006 Envoi Solutions LLC.

|Felix Declarative Services |2.1.14 |link:#ApacheLicenseText[Apache
Software License v2.0] a|
May include the following:

org.apache.felix:org.apache.felix.shell:1.0.0       License Apache 2.0 -
http://felix.apache.org/license.html +
org.apache.felix:org.apache.gogo.runtime:1.0.0 License Apache 2.0 -
http://felix.apache.org/license.html +
 +
org.osgi:osgi.core:6.0.0  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2 +
org.osgi:osgi.annotation:6.0.1
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2 +
org.osgi:org.osgi.service.component:1.4.0
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2 +
org.osgi:org.osgi.service.cm:1.6.0
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2 +
org.osgi:org.osgi.service.log:1.3.0
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2 +
org.osgi:org.osgi.service.metatype:1.3.0
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2 +
org.osgi:org.osgi.namespace.extender:1.0.1
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2 +
org.osgi:org.osgi.util.promise:1.0.0
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2 +
 +
org.ops4j.base:ops4j-base-lang:1.2.3
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2 +
org.ops4j.base:ops4j-base-net:1.2.3
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2

|=======================================================================
